Sync develop from internal (#452)
ROCm/rocm-install-on-linux: docs/install/rocm-runfile-installer.rst

*  **Uninstall ROCm**

   This field is only available if previous Runfile ROCm installations are discovered on the system
   where ROCm is being installed, based on the currently selected **ROCm Install Path** location.
   The installer only lists previous installation locations that are on the current install path.
   If any installation locations are present on this path, they can be selected for uninstall.
   The installer indicates the type of installation as follows:

>    *  **P**: (Package manager) Package manager installation that matches the ROCm version for the Runfile Installer. In this case, uninstall is not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  **P**  (Package manager): Package manager installation that matches the ROCm version for the Runfile Installer. In this case, uninstall is not allowed.
```

>    *  **C**: (Runfile conflict) Runfile installation that matches the ROCm version for the Runfile Installer. The conflicting installation can be uninstalled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  **C** (Runfile conflict): Runfile installation that matches the ROCm version for the Runfile Installer. The conflicting installation can be uninstalled.
```

>    *  **R**: (Runfile) Runfile installation that differs from the ROCm version for the Runfile Installer. The installation can be uninstalled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  **R** (Runfile):  Runfile installation that differs from the ROCm version for the Runfile Installer. The installation can be uninstalled.
```

      bash rocm-installer.run target="/" rocm postrocm

>    In cases where the ``postrocm`` option was not included as part of the initial ROCm install command,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the ``postrocm`` option was not included as part of the initial ROCm install command,
```

   the post-installation task can still be run separately after the installation.
   To run the ROCm post-installation operation from the command line, use the ``postrocm`` argument
   in conjunction with ``target=rocm-install-path``, where ``rocm-install-path`` is the
   location of the Runfile-installed ROCm installation. The ROCm installation version and 
   the Runfile Installer version must match.
   For example, if the current Runfile Installer is for ROCm 6.4.1, then
   ``rocm-install-path`` must indicate the path to a ROCm 6.4.1 Runfile installation.
   
   To use the ``postrocm`` argument separately from the initial install of ROCm 6.4.1

>    to ``/home/amd/myrocm``, the command line is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to ``/home/amd/myrocm``, run:
```
